Add context around deletion (#252)
seamapi/api-docs: docs/api-clients/connected-accounts/delete-a-connected-account.md

# Delete a Connected Account

{% hint style="warning" %}
Deleting a connected account account device will trigger a `connected_account.deleted` event and remove the connected account and all data associated with the connected account from Seam: devices, events, access codes, etc. For every deleted resource, a corresponding deleted event will be sent, but the resource will not be deleted from the provider.
For example, deleting a connected account with a device that has an access code will send a `connected_account.deleted` event, a `device.deleted` event, and an `access_code.deleted` event,

> but Seam has not and will not remove the access code from the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting a connected account triggers a `connected_account.deleted` event and removes the connected account and all data associated with the connected account from Seam, including devices, events, access codes, and so on. For every deleted resource, Seam sends a corresponding deleted event, but the resource is not deleted from the provider.
For example, if you delete a connected account with a device that has an access code, Seam sends a `connected_account.deleted` event, a `device.deleted` event, and an `access_code.deleted` event,
but Seam does not remove the access code from the device.
```
